* S3 Object Lambda pricing 

####

With S3 Object Lambda, you can add your own code to S3 GET, HEAD, and LIST
requests to modify and process data as it is returned to an application. You
can use custom code to modify the data returned by standard S3 GET requests to
filter rows, dynamically resize images, redact confidential data, and much
more. Additionally, you can use S3 Object Lambda to modify the output of S3
LIST requests to create a custom view of objects in a bucket and S3 HEAD
requests to modify object metadata like object name and size. Powered by AWS
Lambda functions, your code runs on infrastructure that is fully managed by
AWS, eliminating the need to create and store derivative copies of your data
or to run expensive proxies, all with no changes required to applications.

When you use S3 Object Lambda, your S3 GET, HEAD, and LIST requests invoke an
AWS Lambda function that you define. This function will process your data and
return a processed object back to your application. In the US East (N.
Virginia) Region, you pay $0.0000167 per GB-second for the duration of your
AWS Lambda function, and $0.20 per 1M AWS Lambda requests. You pay for
requests based on the request type, which vary by storage class. For example,
if the data is stored in S3 Standard, you pay $0.0004 per 1,000 requests for
all S3 GET and HEAD requests, or $0.005 per 1,000 requests for all LIST
requests. You also pay a $0.005 per-GB charge for the data S3 Object Lambda
returns to your application. S3 request and Lambda prices depend on the AWS
Region, and the duration and memory allocated to your Lambda function. All
regional prices are on the AWS Lambda and Amazon S3 pricing pages.

* * *

Region:

US East (N. Virginia)

| Price  
---|---  
Data returned| $0.005 per GB  
  
S3 Object Lambda pricing example

You have 1,000,000 objects that contain historical log data, generated by many
applications. Confidential log entries make up 50% of the data. These logs are
stored in the S3 Standard storage class, and the average object size is 1000
KB. You are building an application that analyzes this data, but should not
have access to confidential log entries.

You can use S3 Object Lambda to filter out confidential log entries. This
filtering occurs as your logs are retrieved from S3 with standard S3 GET
requests. The Lambda function to filter your data is allocated 512MB of
memory, has a 1 second runtime, and returns filtered objects that are 500 KB
in size (on average) back to your application. This example assumes one
retrieval per month for each object. This example uses the US East (N.
Virginia) Region.  

Your charges would be calculated as follows:

**_Amazon S3 GET request charge_**

S3 GET requests from the S3 Standard storage class cost $0.0004 per 1,000
requests.  

S3 GET Request cost: 1,000,000 requests * $0.0004/1K requests = **$0.40**

**_AWS Lambda Charges_**

The Lambda compute cost is $0.0000167 per GB-second. GB-seconds are calculated
based on the number of seconds that a Lambda function runs, adjusted by the
amount of memory allocated to it.

The Lambda request price is $0.20 per 1 million requests.

Lambda compute charge: 1,000,000 requests * 1 second * 0.5 GB (512 MB/1024)
memory allocated * $0.0000167 per GB-second = $8.35  

Lambda request charge = 1,000,000 requests * $0.20 per 1 million requests =
$0.20  

Total Lambda cost = $8.35 + $0.20 = **$8.55**  

**_S3 Object Lambda Charge_**  
After the Lambda function filters the object, 500 KB is returned to the
application at a cost of $0.005/GB of data returned.  
  
Data Return Charge: 1,000,000 * 500 KB * $0.005/GB = **$2.50  
**  
**_Total Charges:  _**  

Amazon S3 GET request charges = $0.40

AWS Lambda charges = $8.55

Amazon S3 Object Lambda charges = $2.50

**_Total = $11.45  
_**

S3 Select & S3 Glacier Select pricing

* * *

Region:

